# Breaking: Millions die in Radical Terranist attacks on Sol III

##### By Prgll'r Zuuong, for the Trans-Galactic Times

---
Three Trans-Galactic Union arcologies suffered exploded and crashed today, on the frontier realm of Sol III in the Outer-Myzniat Sector. Reports describe small explosions erupting within the darkmatter fusion cores in the Xarmin, Guorat, and Lnariss spires. These small explosions were soon followed by devastating chain reactions, erupting throughout each arcology's central spire. The larger subsequent explosions disabled the arcologies' lift drives, causing the burning spires to plummet from the skies, crashing upon the ground below. At this stage, experts have ruled out accidental failure, and suspect these tragedies are the result of intentional attacks against the Trans-Galactic Union. There are no further reports of disturbances in Sol III's twenty four other arcologies, though unconfirmed reports indicate additional attacks may have been foiled. There is currently no official count of casualties, but estimates range as high as 6,000,000 galactic citizens injured or killed; if so, this attack stands as the most devastating loss of civilian life in the Trans-Galactic Union's sixteen-millenia-long history. 

The most compelling evidence that the explosions were planned is how carefully coordinated they were, with simultaneous detonations in each of the far-removed spires, spread out across the planet's surface. Each attack occurred in concert at 77:07 standard Myzniat time; by 77:37 Xarmin, Guorat, and Lnariss spires were smouldering ruins. Analysts speculate that the responsibility for these attacks may fall at the feet of indigenous human 'Terranists' - remnants of the 'Terran Alliance' - a league of dysfunctional militant regimes that formed to oppose Sol III's liberation, pacification, and accession to the Trans-Galactic Union. Although not all humans are Terranists, radical Terranism has long run rife in human communities, particularly on Sol III.

The Secretars of each spire have not been available for comment, and are likely included amongst the casualties. Atmospheric convoys have been sent from the other spires, though they are poorly equipped to deal with a catastrophe of this scale. Myzniat sectorial delegate Krauyhu Qor declined to make an official statement, saying only "right now the top priority is rescue and recovery." TGU peacekeeping forces are on high alert, with two fleets deployed and on their way to Sol III, and the rest of the sector fully mobilised.

Although no Terranist groups have come forth to claim responsibility for the 77:07 attacks, the extraordinary scale and sophistication of the attacks by multiple coordinated terranist cells lead many to suspect human fugitive and Terranist ideologue Isaac Shaw. Shaw's current whereabouts are not known, but union forces had suspected that he had left Sol III altogether with the help of sympathetic human indigenous-affairs councillors. The Sol III indigenous affairs council has rejected of any affiliation with Terranist extremism, claiming to be solely committed to peaceful advocacy on behalf of the indigenous Sol III human population, in liaison with the legitimate Trans-Galactic governmental bodies.

General Secretary Ghrohmz, facing her first major crisis in office, vowed that the Trans-Galactic Union would hunt down and pacify those responsible for these "evil, despicable acts of violence." She further stated the Trans-Galactic Union would make no distinction between those who carried out the bombings, and those who harbour and support human extremists. General Secretary Ghrohmz passed an emergency executive order locking down the free passage of all humans within the Myzniat sector, requiring off-world humans to report immediately to TGU authorities. "Whilst we condemn these tragic attacks, the General Secretary's executive lockdown is a gross violation of human rights," quoted Sol III Indigenous Affairs Chancellor Susan Fry, "although not yet full TGU citizens, humans ought to be afforded the basic freedom to peacefully go about their lives. Detaining all 10 billion innocent human civilians is a reckless and shortsighted response to this tragedy." 

Xenosociologists speculate the significance of former population centres close to the Xarmin, Guorat, and Lnariss spires could be related to the attacks. Others speculate that the primitive indigenous numerical system might hold some relevance; prior to pacification, the humans used a base-10 counting system (as they typically possess 10 digits on their manipulators). "To understand these attacks, you have to understand the human perspective," explains Xenosociologist, Yrhmij Frint, "what we're calling the '77:07 attacks' means little to the humans. For them, these attacks fall upon a highly significant '10th anniversary' of pacification." Dr Frint posits that pacification represents a deep cultural shame for the warlike humans, despite the benefits it has brought them. The pre-TGU human doctrine of 'vengeance' is still deeply seated within the psyche of the remaining human population, and demands retaliation. For this reason, Frint argues that the General Secretary's lockdown is indeed justified, "...until humanity is re-socialised, which could take generations, they must be considered a threat to peace. At the very least, all humans are culturally prone to violence, if not actively violent." 

For now, shock and grief is the mood of the galaxy. But with time, these will be give way to solidarity with the Myzniati victims and their loved ones, and a hardened resolve to bring peace to galaxy in Myzniat and beyond.

===

[*(Link to original post)*](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/6emgd9/oc_breaking_millions_die_in_radical_terranists/)
###### [_BACK TO CONTENTS_](/../../../OneShots/)

---
#### [Follow B.K. Laughton:](http://bklaughton.com) 
[Instagram](http://instagram.com/B.K.Laughton) | [Twitter](http://twitter.com/bklaughton) | [Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/BK-Laughton-607374252750161/) | [Reddit](http://reddit.com/r/ArchDuke)
