## "When I met Titan, I became a god of love."

These were last words transmitted from the expeditionary Jovian outpost on Titan: J1. The transmission was received two minutes after the J1 emergency alert alarm was activated, and two minutes before all signals from Titan went dead quiet. The CNN ticker makes way for Wimbeldon results. 

The J1 expedition involved hundreds of the brightest and most accomplished scientists and solar explorers, eclipsed only in scale by the colonisation of Mars. Even the robust funding behind ESA was stretched for such a mission; a large scale European rescue mission is simply beyond the agency's means (as was explained to the Jovian volunteers). Now the FKA, and ISRO are scrambling to mobilise 'aid' for the wayward ESA settlement.

Two minutes ago, you were doing a routine sweep of the asteroid belt, subcontracted to Rio Tinto in search of a laundry list of rare earth minerals. Now you're staring down the void, chewing on the darkness; of all the sweepers in all the sectors, *you* are furthest from Mars, and closest to Jupiter. Obviously, you don't have the hydro for a round trip to Jupiter. Hell, you don't even know if this tin can is built to shield the combined radiation of the sun and a gas giant; you're just a contractor. It's a fanciful thought, but a stupid one; what would you do, anyway? Does the J1 base on Titan even have a C2500 autolanding module? Is it even working if they do? With a sigh, you slump back into the cockpit and begin to doze off: still no titanite, xenotime, or zircon. 

The detection alert LED on the console flares to life, along with the godforsaken buzzing: NASA. What? Oh, Zircon; the LED just lit up the badge on your jumpsuit, reflected on the console screen. Your hand hovers back from the thrust stick, drifting back to the badge. 'NASA,' that used to mean something. Sure, it might be a bitch-agency lashed to the Musk dynasty's mining concerns today, but once upon a time it was blazing the trail across the dark beyond. It was NASA that settled Mars, damn it; what happened to those days? 

Hands darting back to the keyboard, you check Earth central time and crunch the numbers: even if the FKA and ISRO left as soon as the news broke, you should still be a full day ahead if you leave for Titan now. Back to CNN: 'Jovian Crisis!' 'Tragedy on Titan?' The ticker says the words might have been spoken by Lieutenant Mauritz Hauer, a lower-ranked officer from the attaché assigned to the joint civilian-military venture. A cryptic code from an undercover operative? The derranged ramblings of a rampaging madman? Lone NASA astronaut saves Titan?

You shove the stick, blasting the ion thrusters and pulling your observation craft off-course and outward; a cacophony of beeps and flashes protest from your module, most likely soon to be joined by a pissy space-x 'consultant'. You power the lot down, putting the system into hibernation, except for the entertainment console; it's going to be a long month until you get there, you might not make it back, and if you do, you might not have a job - what a dinner party story, though, 'that time I stole a $400 million dollar spacecraft, visited an unexplored sector of the solar system, finally beat Dark Souls IV, and possibly rescued a moon-full of European scientists.' 

===
[*(Link to original post)*](https://www.reddit.com/r/Worldprompts/comments/3fv24n/when_i_met_titan_i_became_a_god_of_love/ctt5c29?context=3)
######[_BACK_](/README.md]
