##Yeshua's Pilgrimage

It had been 40 standard cycles since Yeshua had assumed the sacred vows of solitude and silence, and undertaken the great pilgrimage, leaving civilisation forever in search of eden. It was a controversial journey, far from universally accepted by Christian theologists back home, but Yeshua had unwavering faith in the blessed path chosen for him. Whilst some decried it as heresy, and others as folly, the great pilgrimage was sacred tenet amongst Methuselean Christians, almost a quarter of the world. 

Yeshua took a ration pack from the dwindling galley rack; over the last few decades he'd slowly watched the stack of vital nourishment erode to what it is now. He calculated he had not more than four standard cycles left. Gently, Yeshua stroked the cover of his bible as he chewed on the vita-wafer, and stared into terrible vastness of deep space. Every embossed letter, each crease in the leather jacket, Yeshua knew the book more intimately than his own self. Holding the book flat against himself, Yeshua closed his eyes, and began to read. 

Those that accepted the teachings of St Methuselah recognised profound mathematical prophesies woven into the pacing, numbering, and arrangement of the verses in the bible. Above the 'literal gospel' (the words in the bible itself), and the 'metaphorical gospel' (the possible meanings and lessons of those words), St Methuselah unveiled the 'metrical gospel' (the study of the secrets behind the elegantly mysterious masterpiece of mathematical representations in the arrangement of the bible itself). St Methuselah posited that more than mere artfulness, these patterns too carried meaning; a new gospel. 

Yeshua opened his eyes, he was upside down. Well, not in any obvious sense; Yeshua had made it a focus of his meditation to calculate the trajectory and yaw of his voyager-podule, and from that, to calculate an 'up' relative to his origin, assigned coordinates, and direction of travel. Curling and stretching his body, Yeshua pushed off against the hull and glided to the command console, adjusting the yaw to set things right way up again. In this small ritual, Yeshua fancied he brought some mote of order to the remote and chaotic emptiness. As the only sentient being for untold lightyears, the purity of his mind meant all the more, representing the sum of all thought for eons around. Moreover, not one other of God's creations is likely to be blessed enough to witness this small corner of God's infinite handiwork. This is one of the great honors enjoyed by pilgrims.

The controversial ashen sea scrolls are held dearest by Methuselean Christians, and heretical by all else. They comprise the work of St Methuselah, after his persecution and exile into the ashen sea. Returned from the wastes page by page by God, the disciples of Methuselah pieced back together his final thesis on the meaning of the metrical gospel. The Church, naturally, tried to have the scrolls destroyed, and succeeded, but not before copies were made. In them, St Methuselah draws staggering parallels between the fractal tessalations, derivations, and sublimations in the numerically analysed bible, and the most fundamental quantum qualities of spacetime and the universe as we know it. St Methuselah revealed the true message of the bible: coordinates.

Yeshua twitched the lightest smile as his four hour meditative session came to an end. The oneness he felt with God's wonderful universe in this most placid of sanctuaries filled him with God's blessed love. Gliding over to the recreational module, Yeshua surveyed his options, this was the only spontaneous decision in his weekly routine, mandated as such by the Holy Methuselean Mission for the mental health of the pilgrims, and for the glory of unexpected blessings. After a moment's hesitaition, Yeshua chose games of chance. The module whirred as it poured through countless possibilities: Solitaire! It had been eighteen, no, nineteen cycles since Solitaire had last come up. Oh! And his score and balance still remained. Yeshua caressed the screen, and began to turn over cards.

St Methuselah's calculation came down to a set of 7919 discrete numerical values, of which one is the divine truth, and the others echoes of this expression. Sublimating these integers with respect to the hypothesised parallels between spacetime and the metrical gospels, this resulted in 7919 coordinates, one of which points to a location of extreme divine significance. Despite inconceivable odds, these coordinates all correlate to locations bearing star systems within the Galaxy. Without faster-than-light travel, the holy coordinates are still humblingly far away, but travel to each of them is possible within the years-to-centuries timeframe. For most it means a one way trip, with the serene acceptance that your coordinate may not be the divine coordinate, if god wills it thus. Voyages longer than 30 years were designated 'crusade of the blessed martyr,' and equipped only for one-way journeys. Yeshua's pilgrimage was one such crusade.

Though he tried not to excite himself, or treat the passage of time any differently, Yeshua could help the trepidation and excitement of being so close. His pilgrimage was charted along a course predicated to take forty standard cycles, and Yeshua was in his fortieth cycle. Already he could see the emboldening glow of the destination system's yellow star. What a glorious vision of divine warmth and might. Calming himself, Yeshua wiped away his tears, and bowed to pray.

Yeshua dropped his vita-wafer as the immense gas giant surged into view. He had breached the very star system in which his coordinates lay. It was so populated with beautiful planets. Icy dwarfs locked in dance, majestic gas giants accompanied by an entourage of moons, and closer in, smaller rocky planets. Soaring past a raging russet gas giant with angry eye, over an awesome river of asteroids, and past a frigid world of crimson canyons, it came into view at last: a pale blue dot. Beside it, a dainty white moon. Yeshua burst into tears, weeping uncontrollably. It was beautiful. Perfect. He knew in that moment without a doubt that he had arrived at the divine coordinates; before him lay the promised land, kissed in a halo of brilliant yellow light. This was the land of God's chosen people, the land where Jesus, and Moses, King David, and the Twelve Disciples all once walked. Yeshua placed a single tentacle against the porthole, "Hallelujah."

===
[*(Link to original post)*](https://www.reddit.com/r/HFY/comments/38p5l5/yeshuas_pilgrimage/)
######[_BACK_](/README.md)
